Time: 1h
Item: Sprint Review #1
Who: Tighe Carroll, Alex Kavourias, Alek Piekarski, Austin McKenna, Joshua Michel, Sneha (TA)
Notes:
-Need to compile meeting minutes into Git using branching/merging to track participation history and avoid note duplication

-Must track all future sprint tasks via Jira

-All future meeting minutes must be on Git

-Confluence doesn't even seem to have a purpose in this class. The TA's will want Git for everything.

-For next meeting, will need UML, tech stack review, and a paper prototype with usability study results

-Don't push to master, always branch and pull request. Pretend this is a real organization.

-Usability study is pretty open ended w.r.t actor requirements, it would be beneficial to have actual students registered in CEP perform the study and suggest things. 